# Menu

This Rails app displays receipes stored in Contentful


## Running it

### Building

**Docker** is the only requirement. This command will build the docker image, install the gems and setup the database

```bash
echo "<masterkey>" > config/master.key
make init
```

Alternatively, you can install Ruby 2.7.1, Postgresql, bundler,
which should be:

```bash
# install rvm
rvm install 2.7.1
rvm use 2.7.1
gem install bundler
bundle install
bundle exec rake db:create db:schema:load db:migrate
```

### Starting it locally

This will just start the server with the database using `docker-compose`
```
make server
```
Visit [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000)

### Running the tests

```bash
make test
```

or

```bash
make guard
```

## Decisions and observations

Just some thoughts on why I built it this way.

### Initial decisions

I wanted to use what was already there, since I have no experience with
Contentful and what they have already built is going to be more robust
and with more features than my `ApiClient™`. `ActiveResource` is something
else I thought about, but I thought it was going to be too much customization.
I think it could be a good solution though, since objects might behave more like
`ActiveRecord` objects.

I don't think having a **database** where to store the recipes locally would
bring a lot. It defeats the purpose of having Contentful, and while it's nice
to have a 'local' storage, the complexity grows a lot.

#### Testing

Then the other thing to consider was testing. Not having a database makes
testing a bit more annoying, since either you need to have `VCR` and make http calls
(which I tend to avoid when possible) or mock the http calls. (You don't have anything
behind when you do `Recipe.all`)

I tried to use `ContentfulModel` and do `Recipe.new()` to build the test objects,
but that actually throws errors. This turned out to be a quite big inconvenient,
because testing model methods gets very hard. I also tried to use `FactoryBot`
with `OpenStruct`, so `build(:recipe)` returns an `OpenStruct`. That worked, but
I would still have to mock relatively a lot, and using this technique with complex objects
ends up in tests that are not so good.

So I went for **VCR** and recorded some of  the tests. Most of the tests are the ones
generated by rails, since I mostly used other libraries' code.

### Other

The whole **docker** setup was not necessary, but I have a sort of template for that,
and I think it's nice and quick.

I used some helpers to have part of the code out of the views and so it's easier to test.
I did not want to complicate myself with adding a decorator gem or similar.

I think it's possible in the Contentful gems to enable caching, but I did not dig further.

`ContentfulModel` also has support for paging, which could also be added.

I had a few more commits but I had to remove them to filter the organization id from the VCR cassettes.
